Task 10_03_Teams
You are given a list of teams and their members, competing in a league for the Counter-Attack: Globally Offensive game 
(yep, still shamelessly avoiding copyright). A player can be a member of multiple teams in the league, and each team can participate in multiple games 
throughout the league. Player scores are determined by the number of victories their team has throughout the league.
Write a program, which, given a list of teams and the players in those teams, and given another list with the winner for each game played, 
prints out the player scores, sorted by player name.
Input
The first line of the standard input contains a single integer number T – the number of teams.
Each of the following T lines describes a team. Each line begins with the team name (lowercase English characters), followed by 
a positive integer M – the number of players in the team, and followed by M player names (lowercase English characters). 
These are separated by single spaces.
The next line contains a single integer G – the number of games played in the league.
Each of the following G lines describes the result of a game – i.e. the name of the team that won.
Output
A single line containing integers, separated by single spaces – the scores of the players, ordered by the lexicographical order of the player names.

Restrictions
T <= 100; G <= 100; 
Team and player names will contain only lowercase English letters (a-z) and will be at most 10 characters long. 
There will be no more than 10 members per team.
No player will appear twice in the same team (but a player can be a member of multiple different teams)

Hint: use std::cin.sync_with_stdio(false); std::cout.sync_with_stdio(false); 
at the start of your main() function to speed-up console input and output (if you’re using cin and cout for reading/writing)

The total running time of your program should be no more than 0.1s
The total memory allowed for use by your program is 5MB

Example I/O
Input01: 
3
A 3 a b c
B 2 d e
C 4 a b c d
4
A
A
C
A 	

Output:
4 4 4 1 0
	
Explanation:
a, b, and c have 4 victories with teams A (3) and C (1).
d has 1 victory with team C.
e has no victories.

Input02:
4
skplaying 5 risen ref warmzera burger bolt
nnjsinhats 3 getleft lake toastberg
mixone 2 risen getleft
mixtwo 2 lake toastberg
9
skplaying
mixone
mixone
skplaying
skplaying
nnjsinhats
skplaying
nnjsinhats
mixone	

Output:
4 4 5 2 4 7 2 4	

Explanation:
skplaying has 4 victories
mixone has 3 victories
nnjsinhats has 2 victories
sorted by player names:
bolt = 4
burger = 4
getleft = 3 + 2 = 5
lake = 2
ref = 4 
risen = 4 + 3 = 7
toastberg = 2
warmzera = 4

